Chaining demo (#31)
mlabs-haskell/seath: milestone-2-demo.md

# Milestone 2 demo

It is strongly recommended to use Nix to run this demo and following description will use Nix setup.

> Main entry point of the demo is [Seath.Test.Main module](./test/Main.purs).

Reviewer: This is seen as a url pointing to nowhere in the rendered version.
```suggestion
Main entry point of the demo is `Seath.Test.Main module` (under `./test/Main.purs`).
```

Author: Oh, I've moved `.md` file to the root, but didn't update links to sources. Fixed.

## Running on local private network

> Local network capabilities are integrated into current setup. Local network provided by [Plutip](https://github.com/mlabs-haskell/plutip). Network is started from scratch on each run. Slot length is is to 1 second - see [config :: PlutipConfig](test/PlutipRunner.purs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Local network capabilities are integrated into current setup. Local network provided by [Plutip](https://github.com/mlabs-haskell/plutip). Network is started from scratch on each run. Slot length is set to 1 second - see `PlutipConfig` (under `test/PlutipRunner.purs`).
```

Author: Fixed.

To run the demo with local network do the following.

From the root of the repository start Nix development shell:

```shell
nix develop --extra-experimental-features 'flakes nix-command' .#off-chain
```

Note, that features `flakes` and `nix-command` are required.

When Nix shell is ready, switch to `off-chain` directory and start the execution:

```shell
cd off-chain
spago run -m Seath.Test.Main -b plutip
```

Local network will be started automatically and as soon as all required wallets will be funded, execution of Seath demo will begin. Execution trace will be printed to the terminal.

## Running on preprod testnet

For preprod testnet [cardano transaction library runtime](https://github.com/Plutonomicon/cardano-transaction-lib/blob/v5.0.0/doc/runtime.md) is required. It includes Cardano node, Ogmios and Kupo.

> Demo setup has Nix run command to launch everything. Only requirement is `Docker` installed and running.

Reviewer: is this true? I remember I had to add myself to some group for docker to work, maybe pointing to CTL documentation about this?

Author: Links to Docker setup instructions added.
